# Read: Class 09

## Reading

### Functional Programming Concepts

1. What is functional programming?
   * a programming paradigm -a style of building the structure and element of computer programs- that treats computation as the evaluation of mathematical functions and avoids changing-state and mutable data
2. What is a pure function and how do we know if something is a pure function?
   * it returns the same result if given the same arguments (it is also referred as `deterministic`)
   * it does not cause any observable side effects
3. What are the benefits of a pure function?
   * deterministic & predictable
   * no side effects
   * improved testability
   * reusability
   * concurrency and parallelism
   * caching and memoization
4. What is immutability?
   * a characteristic of an object or data structure that cannot be modified after creation
5. What is Referential transparency?
   * production of the same output for the input without side effects
   * simplifies reasoning, allows for equational reasoning / optimization, and testing

## Videos

### Node JS Tutorial for Beginners #6 - Modules and require()

1. What is a module?
  * a reusable block of code that encapsulates related functionality
  * organize code into logical and reusable units 
2. What does the word ‘require’ do?
  * used to include and import modules
3. How do we bring another module into the file the we are working in?
  * by using the 'require' function
4. What do we have to do to make a module available?
  * export the desired functionality from the module