# Read: Class 07

## Reading

### An Introduction to Node.js on sitepoint.com

1. What is node.js?
   * node is a JS runtime built on Chrome's V8 JS engine
   * node is an event-based, non-blocking, asynchronous i/o runtime that uses Google's V8 JS engine and libuv library
2. In your own words, what is Chrome’s V8 JavaScript Engine?
   * open-source (massive community programming/debugging) js engine running in chrome/chrome based browsers desiged with performance in mind (just like a V8 engine) to compile js directly to a native machine 
3. What does it mean that node is a JavaScript runtime?
   * it can run serverside operations outside of a browser
4. What is npm?
   * a package manager...THE package manager for js, it is also hte worlds largest sofware registry.
5. What version of node are you running on your machine?
   * 19.8.1
6. What version of npm are you running on your machine?
   * 9.5.1
7. What command would you type to install a library/package called ‘jshint’?
   * `npm install -g jshint`
8. What is node used for?
   * installing and running various build tools - designed to automate the process of developing a modern js application

### 6 Reasons for Pair Programming

1. What are the 6 reasons for pair programming?
   * Greater Efficiency
   * Engaged Collaboration
   * Learning from fellow students
   * Social Skills
   * Job interview readiness
   * Work environment readiness
2. In your experience, which of these reasons have you found most beneficial?
   * Learning from fellow students, greater efficiency, and engaged collaboration
3. How does pair programming work?
   * driver writes the code and the navigator gives clear and precise instructions
