# Readings: Passing Functions as Props

## Reading 

### React Docs - Lists & Keys

1. `.map()` returns a new array with the same number of items as the original array, but with each item transformed by a callback function.
2. Use `.map()` to loop through an array and display each value in JSX in React.
3. Each list item needs a unique "key".
4. The purpose of a key in React is to help identify each item in the list, so that React can efficiently update and re-render the list when it changes.

### The Spread Operator

1. What is the spread operator? 
   * useful and quick syntax for adding items to arrays, combining arrays or objects, and spreading an array out into a functions arguments.

2. List 4 things that the spread operator can do.
  * concatenate arrays
  * copy arrays
  * add items to an array
  * merge objects

3. Give an example of using the spread operator to combine two arrays.
   * [...[this is an array]] and [..."this is a different array] and now they are combined
4. Give an example of using the spread operator to add a new item to an array.
   * `const arr = [1, 2, 3];` `const arr1 = [4, 5, 6];` Output: [1, 2, 3, 4]
5. Give an example of using the spread operator to combine two objects into one.
   * `const helloWorld = {...hello,...world}`

### How to Pass Functions Between Components

1. In the video, what is the first step that the developer does to pass functions between components?
   * 
2. In your own words, what does the increment function do?
   * increases the count on a specific condition (a matched object or whatever)
3. How can you pass a method from a parent component into a child component?
   * 
4. How does the child component invoke a method that was passed to it from a parent component?
   * 

   I don't know.  I'm tired and going to bed.  