# Read Class 05

## Reading

### React Docs - Thinking in React

1. What is the single responsibility principle and how does it apply to components?
   * a component should ideally only do one thing
2. What does it mean to build a ‘static’ version of your application?
   * a build version of the UT for m the data model without adding any interactivity
3. Once you have a static application, what do you need to add?
   * state
4. What are the three questions you can ask to determine if something is state?
   * Does it remain unchanged over time?
   * Is it passed in from a parent via props?
   * Can you compute it based on existing state or props in your component?
5. How can you identify where state needs to live?
   * identify components that render something based on that state
   * find their closest common parent component
     * this would be the component above them all in the hierarchy
   * can't seem to find the component that makes sense to hold the state?
     * make a new component strictly for that state above the common parent component!

### Higher-Order Functions

1. What is a "higher-order function"?
   * functinos that operate on other functions, either by taking them as arguments or by returning them
2. Explore the `greatThan` function as defined in the reading. In your own words, what is line 2 of this function doing?
   * line 2 is returning the outcome of m > n comparison
3. Explain how either `map` or `reduce` operates, with regards to higher-order functions.
   * `map` transforms an array by applying a function to all of its elements and building a new array from the returned values.  The new array will have the same length as the input array while the new content has been "mapped" to a new form by the function
   * `reduce` builds a value by repeatedly taking a single element from the array and combining it with the current value