* Django

1. The key components of the Django framework are:

- Models: They represent the data structure and define the database schema.
- Views: They handle user requests, process data from models, and render templates.
- Templates: They define the presentation layer and generate the HTML output for the views.
- URLs: They map URLs to corresponding views, allowing navigation within the web application.
- Forms: They handle user input and data validation.

These components work together to provide a structured and scalable framework for building web applications in Python.

2. Django's MTV (Model-View-Template) architecture handles a typical web request-response cycle as follows:

- Model: The model interacts with the database and represents the data structure.
- Template: The template defines how the data is presented to the user and generates HTML.
- View: The view processes the user's request, retrieves data from the model, and renders the template with the data.
- Controller: Django's framework handles the controller functionality behind the scenes. It maps the URL to the appropriate view and manages the overall flow of the web request-response cycle.

This separation of concerns allows for modularity, code reusability, and easier maintenance of web applications.

3. The purpose of Tailwind CSS is to provide a utility-first CSS framework that allows for rapid UI development. It offers a set of pre-designed utility classes that can be applied directly to HTML elements, reducing the need to write custom CSS. Tailwind CSS provides a more granular and flexible approach compared to Bootstrap CSS.

On the other hand, Bootstrap CSS is a more comprehensive CSS framework that includes predefined components and styles. It provides a higher-level abstraction and focuses on ready-to-use components, whereas Tailwind CSS gives you more control and customization options by providing utility classes that can be combined to build custom styles.

* Django Checklist

*** Terminal steps
1. pwd > class 26 demo
2. mkdir django-things
3. cd django-things
4. vi (creates virtual environment. He created the alias vi)
5. vs (enters rogers venv)
6. Install Django Dependency; pip install django
7. pip freeze
8. checked his requirements.txt (he used cat requirements.txt)
9. Create Django Project; django-admin start (tab)
   * start app or start project; choose **startproject**
   * django-admin startporject django_things_project
10. tree
    * notice that it will create two folders called django_things_project
    * Roger then rm -rf django_things_project
11. django-admin startproject django_things_project.
12. tree
    * no longer has additional folder
13. python manage.py runserver
    * will have some things popup in red, don't worry about them today
14. code . (open vscode)
15. python manage.py run server
16. python manage.py migrate
17. python manage.py run server
18. **Create Application w/in Project:** python manage.py startapp things
19. python manage.py run server
20. goes to 127.0.0.1:8000/admin/login/?next=/admin
21. **You are going to get yelled at for having your 'secret_key'.  Don't worry about it today**
    * settings.py and urls.py are the main things we will be working in today
22. Open settings.py, got to installed_apps
    * **add the name of the application to the list of installed applications**
    * the name of the app here is **'things'**
23. Open the views.py filecd 
    * delete everything that was there.
    * **from django.views.generic import TemplateView**
    * class HomePageView(TemplateView)
      * template_name = 'home.html'
    * this concludes this portion of home page for now
24. inside of things
    * touch things/urls.py
      * this handles routes at the application level
    * we will be handling the home page view for our app
      * from django.urls import path
      * from .view import HomePageView
      * urlpatterns = [
        path('', HomePageView.as_view, name='home')
      ]
25. inside of django_things_project/urls.py
    * from django.contrib import admin
    * from django.urls import path, include
    * urlpatterns = [
      path('admin/', admin.site.urls),
      path('', include('things.urls))
    ]
26. We will now build out the home.html template
27. mkdir templates
28. touch templates/home.html
29. python manage.py run
    * project still doesn't know home.html
    * In settings.py look at templates section
    * 'DIRS': [BASE_DIR / 'templates'],
30. home.html
    * you can now add stuff to the home.html and it will print to the webpage
31. django_things_project/urls.py
    * url patterns = [
      path('things/', include('things.urls'))
    ]
    * things/urls.py
32. touch templates/base.html
    * <!DOCTYPE html>
      <html>
        <head>
          <title>Things</title>
        </head>
        <body>
          {% block content %}
            <h1>Forgot Content - Hello World</h1>
          {% endblock content%}
        </body>
      </html>
33. home.html
    * {% extends 'base.html' %}
      {% block content %}
        <h1>Hello World</h1>

      {#  {% for thing in things %}#}
          <h2>Name: {{ thing.name }}</h2>
          <p>Description: {{ thing.description}}
      {#  {% endfor %}#}  

      {% endblock content %}
34. tests.py
    * from django.test import SimpleTestCase
    * from django.urls import reverse

    * class ThingsTEsts(SimpleTestCase):
        def test_home_page_status_code(self):
        url = reverse('home')
        response = self.client.get(url)
        self.assertEqual(response.status_code, 200)

    * def test_home_page_template(self):
      url = reverse ('home')
      self.asserTemplateUsed(response, 'home.html')
      self.asserTemplateUsed(response, 'base.html')

35. touch templates/about.html

36. back in django_things_project/urls.py
    * url

37.  urls.py
     * from .view import HomePageView, AboutPageView
     * urlpatterns = [
        path('', HomePageView.as_view(), name='home'),
        path('about', AboutPageView.as_view(), name='about')
     ]

38. views.py
    * class AboutPageView(TemplateView):
        template_name = 'about.html'

    * class ContactPageView(TemplateView):
        templat_name = 'contact.html'

39. things/urls.py
    * urlpatterns = [
      path('', HomePageView.as_view(), name='home')
      path('about', AboutPageView.as_view(), name='about'),
      path('contact', ContactPageView.as_view(), name='contact'),
    ]

40. base.html **this is the basis of the demo today**
    * <!DOCTYPE html>
      <html>
        <head>
          <title>Things</title>
        </head>
        <body>
          {% block content %}
            <h1>Forgot Content - Hello World</h1>
          {% endblock content%}
        </body>
      </html>

41. pip install django-compressor
42. pip freeze
43. Add the new dependency in Installed_Apps in settings.py
    * compressor
    * settings.py
      * COMPRESS_ROOT = BASE_DIR / 'static'
        COMPRESS_ENABLE

44. mkdir static
45. mkdir static/src

46. base.html **this is the basis of the demo today**
    * {% load compress %}
      {% load static %}
    * <!DOCTYPE html>
      <html>
        <head>
          <title>Django + Tailwind CSS + Flowbite</title>

          {% compress css %}
            <link rel="stylesheet" href="{% static 'src/output.css' %}">
          {% endcompress %}
        </head>
        <body>
          {% block content %}
            <h1>Forgot Content - Hello World</h1>
          {% endblock content%}
        </body>
      </html>

47. homepage ( class="bg-green-50" )
    * {% block content %}
        <h1 class="text-3xl text-green-800>Hello World with TWcss and Flowbite</h1>

48. npm install -D tailwindcss
49. set your .gitignore to ignor the node modules
50. npx tailwindcss init
51. Inside tailwind.config.js
      content: [
        './templates/**/*.html'
      ]

52. touch static/src/input.css
    * @tailwind base;
    * @tailwind components;
    * @tailwind utilities;

53. npx tailwindcss -i ./static/src/input.css -o ./static/src/output.css --watch
54. npm install flowbite
55. Inside tailwind.config.js
      content: [
        './templates/**/*.html', './templates I'm not sure what to put here
        './node_module/flowbite/**/*.js'
      ]
      plugins: [
        require('flowbite/plugin')
      ]

56. run server; python manage....

57. base.html
    * copy code for nav bar from the flowbite documentation


