# Reading

1. Pain And Suffering
   * The main challenge facing beginners learning Python is the rigorous environment created by an accelerated learning program.  Discomfort, lack of understanding, poor sleep, sedentary work environment, difficult tasks, minimal information.  All of these pain points force growth in the student.  
   * Strategy 1 for overcoming the challenges:  I choos joy and my overall experience.  Each challenge is an opportunity for personal growth and development.  I have agency and in this agency I have chosen to face this obstacle in order to create the life of freedom that I demand for myself.  I willingly pay this price today for a future of freedom.
   * Strategy 2:  I will continue to work on my creative projects (podcasts, poetry, improv performance, writing, etc) as I work through this class.  I will also continue to workout and eat in alignment with my purpose and mission in life.

2. Beginners Guide to Big O
   * Time Complexity:  measures how long an algorithm takes to run as a function of the size of its input. O(n) time is "linear" because runtime is proporotional to size of input. 
     * Constant: O(1)
     * Linear O(n)
     * Quadratic O(n^2)
     * Log O(log n)
     * Exponential O(2^n) 
   * Space Complexity:  measures memory use as a function of the size of input.  O(n) is said to be linear space due to the proportionality of memory to input use.

3. "Names & Values in Python": Differences between mutable and immutable data types in Python.
   * Immutable: cannot be changed after they are created.
     * sometimes you will create a new object and assigning it to the variable.  
     * types: numbers, strings, tuples 
       * tuples are ordered, immutable collections of elementsenclosed in parentheses (). similar to lists but they cannot be modified after creation.

   * Mutable: can be changed after creation.  
     * state can be changed without creating a new object
     * types: lists, dictionaries, sets
