#### How can you use regular expressions in Python to search for specific patterns in a string, and what is the primary module to work with them?

Regular expressions are a powerful tool for searching for specific patterns in strings. They are used in a variety of applications, including text processing, web scraping, and data validation. The primary module for working with regular expressions in Python is the `re` module.

To use regular expressions in Python, you first need to import the `re` module. Then, you can use the `re.search()` method to search for a pattern in a string. The `re.search()` method returns a match object if the pattern is found, or `None` if the pattern is not found.

For example, the following code searches for the pattern `"hello"` in the string `"hello world"`:

```python
import re

match = re.search("hello", "hello world")

if match:
    print("The pattern was found")
else:
    print("The pattern was not found")


The `re` module also provides a number of other methods for working with regular expressions, such as `re.match()`, `re.split()`, and `re.sub()`.

#### What is the purpose of the shutil module in Python, and provide an example of a common use case for file or directory management with this module?

The shutil module in Python provides a number of functions for file and directory management. These functions can be used to copy, move, rename, and delete files and directories.

One common use case for the shutil module is to copy a file from one location to another. For example, the following code copies the file `"myfile.txt"` to the directory `"/tmp"`:

python
import shutil

shutil.copy("myfile.txt", "/tmp")


The shutil module also provides functions for moving, renaming, and deleting files and directories.

#### Compare and contrast the os and shutil modules. When would you choose to use one over the other?

The os and shutil modules are both used for file and directory management in Python. However, there are some key differences between the two modules.

The os module provides lower-level access to the file system. This means that the os module can be used to perform more complex file and directory management tasks. However, the os module can also be more difficult to use than the shutil module.

The shutil module provides higher-level access to the file system. This means that the shutil module is easier to use than the os module. However, the shutil module cannot perform as many complex file and directory management tasks as the os module.

In general, you should use the shutil module if you need to perform a simple file or directory management task. However, you should use the os module if you need to perform a more complex file or directory management task.

Here is a table that summarizes the key differences between the os and shutil modules:

| Feature | os | shutil |
|---|---|---|
| Level of access to the file system | Lower | Higher |
| Ease of use | More difficult | Easier |
| Complexity of tasks that can be performed | More complex | Less complex |
