# Readings: CSS Layout

## Learn CSS - Flexbox

1. Flexbox is designed for one-dimensional content. Explain what this means.
   * it takes a bunch of items of different sizes and returns the best layout for those items.
2. Explain the difference between the main axis and cross axis.
   * the main axis is set by your `flex-direction` property
     * if that is `row` your main axis is along the row
       * the cross axis runs in the opposite direction to the main axis
       * if `flex-direction` is `row` the cross axis runs along the column
       * you can move items individually as a group so they align against each other and the flex container
     * if that is `column` your main axis is along the column
       * flex items move as a group on the main axis.
       * there are a bunch of items and flexbox is trying to get the best layout for them as a group
3. How can using certain properties of flexbox negatively impact accessibility?
   * reordering the visual display away from how things are ordered in the HTML document can negatively impact accessibility
   * `row-reverse` and `column-reverse` values are a good example of this
     * the reordering only happens visually, not logically

## CSS Layout - Flexbox (Read to "Flex-Flow Shorthand")

1. What are some advantages of using flexbox over float?
   * flexbox allows the vertical centering of a block of content inside its parent
   * make all the children of a container take up an equal amount of the available width/height, regardless of how much width/height is available
   * make all columns in a multiple column layout adopt the same height if they contain a different amount of content.
2. How does this topic connect with your long term goals?
   * UI styling is something I find I really enjoy.  I like making my websites look good and flow well.  I have been running into a lot of issues trying to get the layouts to work and haven't explored flex prior to this.  I look forward to getting some practice and tinkering more.