# Readings: Object-Oriented Programming, HTML Tables

## Domain Modeling

1. Explain why we need domain modeling.
   * properly structure domain models can validate and verify the understanding of specific problem sets among various stakeholders,  
   * as a communication tool they define a covaulary that can be used within and between both technical and business teams

## HTML Table Basics

1. Why should tables not be used for page layouts?
   * reduce accessibility 
   * produce tag soup
   * not automatically responsive
2. List and describe 3 different semantic HTML elements used in an HTML `<table>`
   * `<th>` table header cell: represents a cell within a table header.  Defines the header of a column or row.  provides context for screen readers and search engines
   * `<caption>` represents the title or caption of a table. A brief summary or title for the table describing its content.
   * `<td>` table data: represents a cell within a table that contains data. defines the content of a row or column within a table.

## Introducing Constructors

1. What is a constructor and what are some advantages to using it?
   * define the "shape" of an object; the set methods and the properties it can have; then create as many objects as we like, just by updating the values for the properties that are different.
   * allows us to eliminate the use of object literals when creating multiple objects.
2. How does the term `this` differ when used in an object literal versus when used in a constructor?
   * `this` in an object literal is specific to that object ONLY
   * `this` in a constructor allows the creation of many objects that are also displaying uniquely

## Object Prototypes Using a Constructor

1. Explain prototypes and inheritance via an analogy from your previous work experience.
   * every function in JS has a prototype property that references an object.
     * prototyping allows us to share mthods across all instances of a function.
   * Inheritence is inherited from the parent object just like genetics, it isn't exactly selected
   * Prototypes are traits specifically "bred" into the code for the object that are desirable and simplify/supercharge the objects