# Readings: Debugging

## Reading

### What Went Wrong? Troubleshooting JavaScript 

Name some key differences between a Syntax Error and a Logic Error.
* Syntax Error: These are spelling errors in your code that actually cause the program not to run at all, or stop working part way through — you will usually be provided with some error messages too. These are usually okay to fix, as long as you are familiar with the right tools and know what the error messages mean!
* Logic Error: These are errors where the syntax is actually correct but the code is not what you intended it to be, meaning that program runs successfully but gives incorrect results. These are often harder to fix than syntax errors, as there usually isn't an error message to direct you to the source of the error.

List a few types of errors that you have encountered in past lab assignments and explain how you were able to correct them.
* I didn't really understand the inpsect and console logging until this last lab.  Even then I didn't really understand what was broken and why.  I am a tinkerer so I just kind of make little changes until my code works.  Then I generally don't make the same mistake again.  Or at least not in the same way.

How will this topic continue to influence your long term goals?
* No matter how awesome one gets at coding you are still going to run across situations wherein you will need to trouble shoot.  Realizing that I haven't been tracking my problem solving has motivated me to keep a journal of issues and fixes

### The JavaScript Debugger

How would you describe the JavaScript Debugger tool and how it works to someone just starting out in software development?
* an interactive tool that lets you live review code and check for processing errors in real time.  

Define what a breakpoint is.
* points in the sourcecode where you want to pause execution

What is the call stack?
* shows you what code was executed to get to the current line.