# Reading

## CSS Transforms

1. What does a CSS transform allow the developer to do to an element?
   * allows for 2 and 3 dimensional manipulation of objects and layout
2. Provide an example of a transform and how you could see that being used on a website.
   * `<figure class="box-1">Box 1</figure>` `.box-1 {transform: rotate (-55deg);}`
   * this would rotate the box -55 degrees.  I would use this to add a bit more style and create some symbology on my website

## CSS Transitions & Animations

1. What does a CSS transition allow the developer to do to an element?
   * change the state of an element
     * :hover, :focus, :active, and :target pseudo-classes
     * `transition-property`, `transition-duration`, `transition-timing-function`, and `transition-delay`.
2. How does a CSS animation differ from a CSS transition?
   * animations handle multiple changes to an elements state and transitions are typically for visual changes from one state to another and single state changes.

## 8 simple CSS3 transitions that will wow your users

1. What are some benefits to using CSS transitions on websites?
   * countless possibilities for UX designers
   * simple implementation
   * a few lines of code will give you an awesome transition effect
   * user excitement and engagement
   * INCREASED conversions!
2. How this topic fit in with your long-term goals?
   * i think I will focus on web design and UX design as I grow my business and my firm.  Software development will be a branch of it but I love this front end engagement stuff.
