# HTML

* `<ol>` Ordered List Element
* typically rendered as a numbered list
* Accepts **global attributes**
  * `reversed` : boolean attribute specifies the list's items are in reverse order; numbered high to low.
  * `start` : integer to start counting from; always an Arabic numberal (1,2,3...)
  * `type` : sets the numbering type: `a` lowercase letters, `A` uppercase, `i` lowercase roman numerals, `I` uppercase roman numerals
* `<ol>` and `<ul>` can be nested however you like

### HTML Questions
1. When should you use an `unordered` list in your HTML doc?
   * when the order of the list doesn't matter or do not have a numerical ordering.
2. How do you change the `bullet style` of unordered list items?
   * in the CSS via the `list-style-type` property as a circle, dot, or a square.  
3. Whe should you use an `ordered list` vs an `unordered list` in your HTML doc?
   * `<ol>` for when the order matters, like a recipe or something.  `<ul>` for when the order is not numerically important.
4. Describe two ways you can change the numbers on `list items` provided by an ordered list.
   * `reversed` : boolean attribute specifies the list's items are in reverse order; numbered high to low.
  * `start` : integer to start counting from; always an Arabic numberal (1,2,3...)
  * `type` : sets the numbering type: `a` lowercase letters, `A` uppercase, `i` lowercase roman numerals, `I` uppercase roman numerals 

### Learn CSS Questions

1. Describe the CSS properties of `margin` and `padding` as characters in a story.  What is their role in a story titled: "The Box Model"?
   * Padding sits around the outside of the box content in order to keep the content from getting squished or overrun with weeds.
   * Border wraps the content and any padding, almost like a fence, and keeps the wild things out and the safe things in.
2. List and describe the parts of an HTML elements box as referred to by the `box model`
   * Content box: The area where your content is displayed; size it using properties like inline-size and block-size or width and height.
   * Padding box: The padding sits around the content as white space; size it using padding and related properties.
   * Border box: The border box wraps the content and any padding; size it using border and related properties.
   * Margin box: The margin is the outermost layer, wrapping the content, padding, and border as whitespace between this box and other elements; size it using margin and related properties.
   * retrieved from [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model)

### Learn JS

1. What `data types` can you stor inside of an `array`?
   * strings, numbers, objects, and even other arrays.  Data types can also be mixed...but maybe wait to do that...
2. Is the `people` array a valid JS array? If so, how can I access the values stored? If not, why?
   * Yes, it contains strings and numbers.  You can access the values with commands like `for...of` or `map()` or `variable[0] = Johnson` to change the first item in the array
3. List the **five** shorthand operators for assignment in javascript and describe what they do.
   * x = f(); x += f(); x -= f(); x *= f(); x /= f()
4. Read the code below and evaluate the last `expression` and explain what the result would be and why.
   * 10 false dog
5. Describe a real world example of when a conditional statement should be used in a JS program.
   * one cookie or two...water or milk...true or false...
6. Give an example of when a `loop` is useful in JavaScript.
   * Loops are useful for evaluating user inputs that query arrays and other things.




<!-- // let arr = [];
//                      0         1     2       3       4       5
// let parksNRec = [`Leslie`, `April`, `Ron`, `Andy`, `Ann`, `Tom`];
// console.log(parksNRec); this will log the entire array
// console.log(parksNRec[2]); states log parksNRec AT 2 (Ron)
// let waffles = [`JJ\'s', true, [228, 343], 'bacon'];
// console.log(parksNRec.length);

// ARRAY METHODS
// add a value to an array: parksNRec[6] = `Donna`;
// console.log(parksNRec);  - this will show us that Donna has been added to the array
// if this number is not an additional space it will overwrite whatever is currently in that space
// parksNRec.push(`Tammy`) will add Tammy to the end of the Array; Can add multiple values at the same time
// parksNRec.push(`Chris`, `Jerry`)

// for loops are good for doing something a number of times
// 1. Instanciate the variable
// let i = 0
// 
// 2. Evaluate the variable
// is i < parksNRec.length
//
// 3. Increment the variable
// i++
// shorthand for: i = i + 1
//
// for (let i=0; i < parksNRec.length; i++) {        KNOW THIS CODE KNOW THIS LOOP KNOW THIS FOR LOOP!!!!!!
    // code that will run if the condition is true:
    // console.log(parksNRec[i]);
    // i does not increase in value until code in this code block has run
    // each time the loop runs i increases as we specify
// }

// for (let i=0; i < parksNRec.length; i++) {
    // code that will run if the condition is true:
    // console.log(`parksNRec`[` + i + `]: ` + parksNRec[i]);
    // template literal (or string literal)
    // console.log(`parksNRec[${i}]: $parksNRec[i]}`);
    // console.log(`Hi ${parksNRec[i]}, I hope you are having a nice day');
    // i does not increase in value until code in this code block has run
    // each time the loop runs i increases as we specify
// } -->

<!-- in CSS the overflow is how we escape a float
.parent {
    overflow: auto;
    margin: auto;
} -->